GH-3464: Treat 0 as special for polling endpoint (#3487)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/channel-adapter.adoc

<int:poller max-messages-per-poll="-1" fixed-rate="1000"/>
----
====

> Starting with version 5.5, a `0` value for `max-messages-per-poll` has a special meaning - skip `receive()` call altogether, which may be treated as a pausing for this inbound channel adapter.
> The `maxMessagesPerPoll` can be changed to a different value later on, e.g. via Control Bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.5, a `0` value for `max-messages-per-poll` has a special meaning - skip the `MessageSource.receive()` call altogether, which may be considered as pausing for this inbound channel adapter until the `maxMessagesPerPoll` is changed to a non-zero value at a later time, e.g. via a Control Bus.
```
